Update components.mdx (#826)
carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-website: src/pages/contributing/components.mdx

## Documentation requirements

Component documentation typically contains a definition of the component, a visual reference of what the component will look like along with its variations (if any).  The documentation must include designs and functional specifications.  Remember you are contributing this component so others benefit from the effort already made by you or your team.  It's sub-optimal if it still requires other teams to do rework.  

## How to publish component usage documentation

> Our component documentation typically contains five sections: Default, Usage guidance, Design and functional specifications, Development documentation, and Feedback. You can create a new page for your markdown contribution [here](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-website/new/master/src/pages/components). Some components are more complex than others but you should cover each topic included in these markdown templates. 

Reviewer: What about something like this?

```suggestion
Our component documentation typically contains five sections: Default, Usage guidance, Design, and functional specifications, Development documentation, and Feedback. Some components are more complex than others but you should cover each topic included in these markdown templates. To kick off the publishing process, copy and paste the template below into [a new page](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom-website/new/master/src/pages/components) with a `.mdx` extension, and update content before committing.
```

The component for **Carbon for IBM.com** must be built in one of our supported frameworks - React or Web Components.  We'd like to prioritize working on Web Components since it has become our strategic direction.  If you need help learning how to build it in Web Components, reach out to the engineers in our slack channel for training <a href="https://ibm-studios.slack.com/archives/C2PLX8GQ6" target="_blank">#carbon-for-ibm-dotcom</a>.  Please read the [Developer guide](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/blob/master/docs/developing.md) and the [Submissions guidelines](https://github.com/carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom/blob/master/docs/submission-guidelines.md) for more details.

> ## How to write component guidance

Author: I think it should be writing guidelines for the component as well. The current title is "How to write component guidance". Are you suggesting to have the title as "How to write a component guideline", James?

> ## How to write component guidance

Reviewer: "Structure" doesn't make much sense to me here personally. Maybe something more like...

"Component guideline publishing"
"How to publish component guidelines"
"Writing component guidelines"

Just some ideas...

> ## How to write component guidance

Author: Updated the tiel to "How to publish component usage documentation", since we list the document as "usage documentation" in the Component contribution section.

Our component documentation typically contains five sections: Default, Usage guidance, Design and functional specifications, Development documentation, and Feedback. Some components are more complex than others but you should cover each topic included in these markdown templates.

#### Template for components with one variant
Use this template for documenting components with only one variant. 

```markdown
---
title: Component name
description: Explains what the component is in one or two sentences.
---

import { ComponentStatus } from 'components/ComponentList';
import ComponentDescription from 'components/ComponentDescription';
import ComponentFeedback from 'components/ComponentFeedback';

> <ComponentDescription name="Component nam" type="ui or ayout" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<ComponentDescription name="Component name" type="ui or layout" />
```

<AnchorLinks>

<AnchorLink>Default</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Usage guidance</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Design and functional specifications</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Development documentation</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Feedback</AnchorLink>

</AnchorLinks>

## Default

<!--
Include a paragraph or two that describes the primary use cases for the component and details about how it helps the user achieve any tasks.

-->

![A visual of Component variation](URL or path to the image)

## Usage guidance

<!--

> Include a paragraph or two that describes the format and what behaviors the component should be.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Include a paragraph or two that describes the format and behavior of the component.
```

-->

## Design and functional specifications

> The design specs and functional specs for “Component nam” can be viewed  <a href=“Link “to the BOX folder target="_blank">here</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The design specs and functional specs for “Component name” can be viewed  <a href="Link to the BOX folder" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">here</a>.
```

## Development documentation

> <ComponentStatus name="Component nam" type=“ui or layout" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<ComponentStatus name="Component nam" type="ui or layout" />
```

> <ComponentStatus name="Component nam" type="ui or layout" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<ComponentStatus name="Component name" type="ui or layout" />
```

## Feedback

<ComponentFeedback />
```

#### Template for components with multiple variants
Use this template for documenting components that have multiple types or
variants.

```markdown
---
title: Component name
description: Explains what the component is in one or two sentences.

> ---

Reviewer: I personally don't think you need both. I'd give the full one with variations, and add a comment that the variations are optional. If you don't want them then remove them before submitting them.

Author: Good point.

import { ComponentStatus } from 'components/ComponentList';
import ComponentDescription from 'components/ComponentDescription';
import ComponentFeedback from 'components/ComponentFeedback';

> <ComponentDescription name="Component nam" type="ui or ayout" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<ComponentDescription name="Component nam" type="ui or layout" />
```

> <ComponentDescription name="Component nam" type="ui or layout" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<ComponentDescription name="Component name" type="ui or layout" />
```

<AnchorLinks>

<AnchorLink>Default</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Variations</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Usage guidance</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Design and functional specifications</AnchorLink>
<AnchorLink>Development documentation</AnchorLink>

> <AnchorLink>Feedback</AnchorLink>

Reviewer: Need a comment here on how each section below gets a link here, and how it has to be the same exact text.

Author: Like...

<!--
The links represent the section titles below. Please make sure the name listed is the exact text as the section title below.
-->

Reviewer: Sorry, like what?

```markdown
<!--
Include additional <AnchorLinks> if you add additional sections within the page. Text must match header text.
<AnchorLink>Header text you're linking to</AnchorLink>
-->
```

Author: Got it..

</AnchorLinks>

## Default

<!--
Include a paragraph or two that describes the primary use cases for the component and details about how it helps the user achieve any tasks.

-->

![A visual of Component variation](URL or path to the image)

## Variations

<!--
Include a paragraph or two that describes the primary use cases for the component and details about how it helps the user achieve any tasks.

-->

![A visual of Component variation](URL or path to the image)

## Usage guidance

<!--

> Include a paragraph or two that describes the format and what behaviors the component should be.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Include a paragraph or two that describes the format and behavior of the component.
```

-->

## Design and functional specifications

> The design specs and functional specs for “Component nam” can be viewed  <a href=“Link “to the BOX folder target="_blank">here</a>.

Reviewer: A couple issues here. In code we don't use smart quotes. I'll fight Mike on this. 😉 
```suggestion
The design specs and functional specs for “Component name” can be viewed  <a href="Link to the BOX folder" target="_blank" rel="noreferrer">here</a>.
```

## Development documentation

> <ComponentStatus name="Component nam" type=“ui or layout" />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<ComponentStatus name="Component name" type="ui or layout" />
```
